---
layout: post
title:  "It's Hot In Here"
date:   2016-06-30
tags: blogging miscellany
---
Let's see... what happened since I last wrote? A new job opportunity popped up, a meeting took place which left me feeling.. meh? I'm not sure why, but I lost a little excitement for the position after the first meeting. I'm not going to let that discourage me, though, it still seems like a good opportunity. I also gave a high-profile presentation at my current job today. It went well. I had one little hiccup, but recovered and conveyed the appropriate information. One day at a time, I guess. I might be able to work my way out of the funk I've been in.

Anyway, enough of that work talk, eh? The past couple weeks have been hot. It's all the more brutal because our A/C went out. Fans just don't cut it after the house warms up. The dogs are doing well, but I think we're all glad that the A/C pro is coming tomorrow.

Speaking of tomorrow, we're kicking off the holiday weekend with a bit of the old National passtime! The Yanks are in town against the Padres. I'm sure I will be persona non grata, but with the way the Bombers have been playing this year, maybe I won't get as much grief. Head on over to [River Ave Blues][RAB] for great blog coverage of the Yankees. Seriously, those guys are great.

After that, we head up to the LA area for a wedding. We've definitely been looking forward to this one for a long time. Guys golf on Saturday, hang out, wedding on Sunday. It should be a classic! Can't wait. Let's see if I can hold up my end of the bargain and contribute a new post on Monday..

[RAB]: http://riveraveblues.com
[muffs]: http://muffwiggler.com
