---
layout: post
title:  "House Mods"
date:   2016-12-04
tags: Baby House Kitchen Life
---
Big things happening here - lots of stuff to cover!

One of the biggest changes is that we're remodeling the kitchen. To that end, a couple friends and I demolished / removed the existing tile countertop. It was rough work, but the three of us knocked it out in a few hours. I'm definitely grateful to have some friends who could lend a hand. Today, the official measurements were taken, so we are well on our way to a facelifted kitchen. I still have to patch some holes in the wall from removing the backsplash, but I have a plan of attack, so that shouldn't be too bad.

Next up, as if we weren't busy enough, we're prepping a room to be a nursery. Exciting changes coming soon! So far, the changes involve removing our office furniture, patching some holes and touch up paint. IKEA bookshelf and dresser have started to fill the room out, and tonight, I get to put together our new glider easy chair! I'm having fun with all these little jobs.

In the arena of personal / professional development, I completed a Udemy course on the basics of Pandas & Numpy. That course was definitely useful as a foundational course for my future goals. Next up is continuing with Machine Learning practice and classes. I attended a meetup last night at GoPro, which was awesome. I emailed one of the co-hosts, who works at GoPro, in hopes of picking his brain about what skillset they are looking for there. Gotta build the network, right? It sounds like I need to start working on a few projects, to build a bit of a portfolio. I just have to remember - perseverance, persistence! Well, I think that's about all for now. Stay tuned for more details. Once the kitchen comes together, I'll learn how to post some photos to my blog!
