---
layout: post
title:  "Checkup, Ketchup, Catch Up"
date:   2020-03-10
tags:   life updates family projects
---
### Overture

Well, I managed to do it again -- neglect updating the blog. At least this time I'm coming back after only about 6 weeks. I also have some good reasons for the lapse. One fun reason and one not-so-fun.

### Family Fun Time

In the middle of February, we had the pleasure of hosting my brother and sister-in-law for almost a week. For the longest time, it seemed like the day would never arrive, and then --poof!-- it was over in a flash. We had a good time, though, and it sounds like we'll get to see at least my brother in May for a weekend. We drank some good beer, my sis-in-law cooked a lot (A LOT) of good food, got together with friends, and drank some more good beer. I even got to play a short round of disc golf with my brother, which I'm sure he was excited about. It's always re-energizing for the mind and soul to hang out with my family. I wish we could do it more often. One day, it will be easier to do so.

That was the fun reason for missing out on updating the blog. The not-so-fun reason was that through most of January, creeping into February, at least one person in this house had some kind of cold or possibly even flu. Fortunately, we made it through without too many tears and are tougher for it. While pretty tough, and requiring a lot sick days, it definitely could've been worse. Moral of the story: always get your flu shot!

### Music Project(s) updates

Outside of some gear shuffling (it never really ends!), there isn't too much to report with my music hobby. I've been jamming, making the odd recording, just trying to squeeze in some relaxation time with the various machines I have. It is one thing I enjoy doing that allows me to unwind after a busy day. Lately, I've had more opportunities to jam as soon as I get home, and I've done pretty good about taking advantage of that time.

Before I ramble too long; I do have one potentially exciting collaboration to mention. An old friend from high school runs an Art Gallery in our mutual hometown. It's a true labor of love, and it's been exciting watching it grow and develop over the past few years. It even has ___the coolest___ name -- [Danger Gallery](http://www.dangergallery.com/)! Recently, she shared a video on her YouTube channel about upcoming plans for her Gallery.

<iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nzMq5g_hnfU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>{: .center-image}

Cool stuff, right?! After watching that video, I immediately thought about the ambient EP I recently completed. You know, the one inspired by Brian Eno's Music for Airports. I contacted my friend about using my music for her Video Lounge experience and she's excited about it. Of course, this is all contingent upon her actually liking the music enough to use it (details, details..). I know my stuff is pretty rough, so I don't have my hopes up. The potential for this kind of collaboration is exciting enough. Even if I get some feedback to fine tune my work into something that can be used, I'd be ecstatic. In our email back-and-forth, we've even discussed the possibility of remote live performance, which sounds really cool. Again, can't get hopes up. I'm just excited about the prospects of taking this music hobby to another level.
